chore(sdk): updating the chaoslib template for the sdk (#264)
litmuschaos/litmus-go: contribute/developer-guide/README.md

  total 12
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham   41 May 15 13:26 sample-category.package.yaml
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham  734 May 15 13:26 sample-category.chartserviceversion.yaml
  drwxr-xr-x 2 shubham shubham 4096 May 15 13:26 sample-pod-delete/

  $ ls -ltr sample-category/pod-delete

  total 28
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham  791 May 15 13:26 rbac.yaml
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham  734 May 15 13:26 sample-pod-delete.chartserviceversion.yaml
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham  792 May 15 13:26 experiment.yaml
  drwxr-xr-x 2 shubham shubham 4096 May 15 13:26 test
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham 4533 May 15 13:26 sample-pod-delete.go
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham  813 May 15 13:26 engine.yaml
  
  $ ls -ltr sample-category/sample-pod-delete/test

  total 4
  -rw-r--r-- 1 shubham shubham  1039 May 15 13:26 test.yaml
  ```
 
- Proceed with construction of business logic inside the `sample-pod-delete.go` file, by making
  the appropriate modifications listed below to achieve the desired effect: 

  - variables 
  - entry & exit criteria checks for the experiment 
  - helper utils in either [pkg](/pkg/) or new [base chaos libraries](/chaoslib) 

> - The chaoslib is created at `chaoslib/litmus/sample-pod-delete/lib/sample-pod-delete.go` path. It contains some pre-defined steps which runs `ChaosInject` command(explicitly provided as an anv inside the experiment CR). Which will induce chaos in the target application. It will Wait for the given chaos duration and finally run the `ChaosKill` command for the cleanup purpose. Update this chaoslib to achieve the desired effect based on the usecase or reuse the existing chaoslib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The chaoslib is created at `chaoslib/litmus/sample-pod-delete/lib/sample-pod-delete.go` path. It contains some pre-defined steps which runs the `ChaosInject` command (explicitly provided as an ENV var in the experiment CR). Which will induce chaos in the target application. It will wait for the given chaos duration and finally runs the `ChaosKill` command (also provided as an ENV var) for cleanup purposes. Update this chaoslib to achieve the desired effect based on the use-case or reuse the other existing chaoslib.
```
